[ruler] Remove unused fields (#2288)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Grafana Mimir

* [CHANGE] Compactor: delete source and output blocks from local disk on compaction failed, to reduce likelihood that subsequent compactions fail because of no space left on disk. #2261

> * [CHANGE] Ruler: Remove unused fields `-ruler.search-pending-for` and `-ruler.flush-period`. #2288

Reviewer: [nit] Per docs squad, we don't call them "fields" anymore but we're specific whether they're "CLI flags" or "YAML config options".

```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Ruler: Remove unused CLI flags `-ruler.search-pending-for` and `-ruler.flush-period` (and their respective YAML config options). #2288
```

_Going to auto-apply this edit._
